# Goals for version 0.2

1. Node-manager goals
   1. Set up API project.
      1. Should be used both by the node manager to manage its own API and by plugins (likely through the plugin lib) to make declarative clients.
      2. Should be versionable
      3. Should implement no new features.
   2. Implement plugin health check
      1. Can be disabled via config.
      2. Periodicity configurable via config
      3. Plugins can set their own health check endpoint, communicated at time of registration. If null node-manager will not attempt health checks against that plugin.
2. Plugin lib goals
   1. Set up plugin API project
      1. This will house endpoints that will be universal to all plugins.
      2. Should be used in both plugin lib to manage its own API and by clients such as node-manager to make declarative clients.
      3. Should include the health endpoint, distinct from the default Micronaut-management health endpoint
         1. Exact endpoint should be configurable. Default is "/general/health". Can also be disabled via config but defaults to enabled.
3. User plugin goals
   1. Implement prototype UI.
      1. Need only display currently logged in user after authenticating with Keycloak.
   2. Investigate administration via keycloak admin
      1. From reading Keycloak docs it seems very possible that Keycloak can handle most all user management. In this case the most we will need the user plugin for is convenience.
   3. Implement user registration
      1. If possible, simply use Keycloak.
      2. If not possible to use keycloak, add page to prototype UI for user registration. Should be linked to from splash page for unauthenticated users along with login page.
   4. Implement user approval
      1. Includes an endpoint in the user plugin that updates a newly registered user as approved
      2. Should have a page added to the prototype UI that lists newly registered unapproved users with a button to approve them.
      3. Users with user-approval role should see a link to this on the prototype UI. Should otherwise be inaccessible.
4. General goals
   1. Ensure existing classes have javadoc comments
   2. Ensure existing classes have appropriate trace and debug statements